[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> For 37 years, Darryl Anka has
channeled the multi-dimensional
being known as Bashar.
Bashar describes himself as
an extra terrestrial being
from the future, a first contact
specialist, who is specifically
involved preparing earth for
extraterrestrial contact.
I'm your host Jimmy Church.
It's been an amazing weekend.
I want you to give the
warmest, Conscious Life
2020 welcome to Bashar.
Let's do this.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Thank you all very much.
It's been wonderful.
Good night.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
No, literally, truly, thank
you all for being here.
This is really, really wonderful
to have all of your energy
here.
We really appreciate it.
I'm going to go ahead and get
going to give you enough time
to interact with Bashar since I
know the venue is a little bit
short.
So please have a wonderful
time, and I look forward
to seeing you later.
Thanks a lot.
[APPLAUSE]
Just a quick question.
How many of you have never
experienced Bashar in person?
Everyone, OK.
All right, well have a fun time.
All right, I'll say
good day to you.
This day of your time.
How are you all?
[APPLAUSE]
All right, all right.
Thank you once again
for the co-creation
of this interaction.
It is always a gift to us to
experience through each of you
that many more facets of
the multidimensional crystal
of creation.
We would like to begin
this transmission that
is titled The Power of
Paradox in the following way.
Trust, empowerment, connection,
confidence, control.
These are experiences that
many people on your planet
have many challenges
with, but there is a way
to understand these
states of being,
so that even though when
you experience ideas like,
I lack trust, I lack
confidence, I'm out of control,
I don't feel a connection,
those kinds of ideas,
there are ways to understand
how reality works,
so that you can see the
paradox in those statements,
because every time, you may
feel or utter, negative,
fear based belief system
statements in that way,
there is always a way to
understand how to turn them
around, how to reverse
them into a positive state
by simply understanding
the paradox that exists
within statements of that kind.
For example, as we have
sometimes discussed,
when someone feels that they
lack trust, this is actually
impossible, because if you
are saying, I lack trust,
you're trusting that.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
If you say, I lack confidence,
you're confident about that.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
I am out of control, but you're
controlling that experience.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
I am not connected, but you
have to be connected to have
an experience of disconnection.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
Because if you
weren't connected,
you would have no
experience at all.
These ideas contained their
own paradoxical opposites.
If you understand
how reality actually
works, if you understand
your place within existence,
you will understand
that you don't have
to learn to do these things.
You don't have to
learn to trust.
It's built in.
It's not an issue
of lacking trust.
It's an issue of
trusting in lack.
You're always trusting
something to be true,
or again, you wouldn't have
an experience of any kind.
So again, when you
say, I lack confidence,
you are stating a
very confident idea.
You are very confident about
your lack of confidence.
So the idea is when
you feel those things,
find yourself believing
in those ideas,
remind yourself that you
don't have to learn to trust,
you don't have to
learn to be confident,
learn to be in control,
you don't have to learn how
to be connected to reality,
to the cosmos, to all that is.
You already do this.
It's automatic.
It's built into you as a
reflection of creation.
You can't help it.
You just do it automatically.
Again, you wouldn't have an
experience if you didn't.
So the next time
you hear yourself
and catch yourself
bemoaning the fact
that you have no trust, that
you have no confidence, that you
have no control, that you don't
feel a connection, so on and so
forth, stop yourself, remind
yourself that the opposite must
actually be the truth, and you
simply have, for some reason,
something you've bought into
as a belief, that allows you
to use your trust,
use your confidence,
use your connection, use your
control in ways that you don't
necessarily prefer to.
And that means
you've made a choice
to have that experience
on some level.
Usually, these beliefs
might be ensconced
in your unconscious mind,
and so the whole idea,
when you catch yourself
saying those things,
thinking those things,
feeling those things,
is to realize that you
might be describing
a way in which you're using your
trust, using your connection,
using your confidence, but
that the statement itself
is not a fact.
It's simply the
product of something
you've been taught to believe
is true about yourself
in that particular
circumstance or situation,
and if you start to realize that
it can't really be possible,
that you can lack trust
or lack confidence,
then you can remind
yourself when
you hear those statements
coming from you
or passing through your
mind, you can remind yourself
in that moment, wait a
minute, I heard that,
and I'm catching it,
and it's not a fact.
It's just an opinion.
It's a perspective.
It's a belief.
And those things can be changed.
When you are, very often
growing up on your planet,
you are taught to
believe certain things.
You pick them up sometimes
even telepathically
from your parents, from your
friends, from your society,
from your schooling.
But when you finally
arrive at the place
where you are maturing
into adulthood,
you suddenly realize
that you're carrying
around all of this
baggage from other people
that you've bought into and
picked up along the way.
And it starts to weigh you down.
You feel like you're
dragging it along.
Your own bags weigh nothing.
If you feel held back,
if you feel dragged down
by certain ideas and
beliefs within you,
that should be your first clue
that you're carrying around
someone else's baggage
that doesn't belong to you.
You're carrying around
someone else's belief
system that isn't necessarily
something you need to share.
When you were growing
up, you swallowed it all
because you needed someone
to take care of you,
and so you wanted to appease
your family, your friends,
your society, your
schooling by saying,
all right, I'll go
along with this for now.
But by the time you grow up,
it's become so unconscious,
it's become so automatic
that you won't even
realize that you
swallowed all these belief
systems that had nothing
to do with who you truly
are as a being.
And so the process
starts happening
where you start realizing
that these things are not
in alignment with who
you feel you need to be,
who you prefer to be.
The vibrations don't match.
It doesn't feel comfortable.
It's not where you truly live.
And therefore, you have to
start the process of divesting
yourself of these beliefs that
have nothing to do with you
that you've been carrying
around for so many years.
So the idea is simply when
you get into that state
where you start feeling
that the thing you just
said about yourself
in a circumstance
feels like it's rubbing you
the wrong way, as you say,
it's time to stop
and take a moment
and pay attention because
right then and right there
is the most important
moment for you
to start getting in touch with
what those beliefs are that are
in your unconscious
mind and bring them
into the light of
your consciousness,
so that you can see that
they don't belong to you,
that they make no sense
for who you prefer to be,
and then you can
start to realize
what is and isn't your truth.
Does that make sense?
All right, very simple
technique for any one of you
in any circumstance
where you start
feeling that incompatible
vibration is first
and foremost-- of course, be
honest within your own self
investigation and allow
yourself to realize
the difference between whether
it is truly something that
is not representative
of who you are,
truly something that
is not representative
of your excitement, or whether
it is simply your belief
system, making it look that way.
As soon as you clear out with
yourself whether something
really is or isn't reflective
of who you prefer to be, then
you can move forward.
But the idea is to ask yourself
a question in one of two ways.
Sometimes, the first way
will work for some of you.
Sometimes, the second way will
work for different people.
The first way is when you feel
that, when you find yourself
in that moment,
what would I have
to believe is true about
myself in this situation
to feel, think, behave, or
experience what I am feeling,
thinking, behaving,
or experiencing?
Because all experiences,
all behaviors, all thoughts,
and all emotions come from what
you believe to be true first.
That's the blueprint.
The emotions are the
builders of the reality.
The thoughts are the
building materials.
The behaviors are the
way in which the builders
are building your house.
And the experience is you
living in the house that
was built from the blueprint.
And if it doesn't feel
comfortable in that house,
trace it back to
the blueprint, make
the changes there in the belief
system, and the emotions,
the builders, the
thoughts, the building
materials, the behaviors,
the style of building,
and the house will all
start to be in alignment
and feel comfortable
for you to live in,
which is your
experience of life.
So the idea is
ask that question.
The answer in some
way, shape, or form
will come either through a
dream or synchronicity or what
have you, or if you find that
asking the question that way,
what would I have to
believe is true about myself
in order to have this
experience, in this way,
to feel what I'm feeling, if the
answer doesn't come that way,
you can take advantage of the
fact that people on your planet
are so used to the idea
of dealing with fear,
that you can use it to your
advantage in the following way,
by asking the
question in this form.
If I did, in fact,
allow myself to be
who I really prefer to be,
what am I afraid might happen?
That will usually reveal
the fear based belief
if you are willing to hear it.
Then you have
something to work with.
As soon as you bring the actual
belief, the statement itself,
the way it's arranged,
the equation, so to speak,
of energy that is that
belief into the light
of your conscious mind,
and you're aware now
of what the belief
actually is, if you really
take a strong look at it, a
clear look at what it's saying,
you will realize one
very important thing.
The belief doesn't
make sense for you.
It's not logical anymore.
Because you can look around
and see when you might believe
something negative to
be true about yourself,
I don't deserve,
I'm not worthy, I
can't do this, when
you look around
and see other people who might
be doing the kinds of things
that you would love to be
doing, following their passion
like you might desire
to follow yours,
and you realize that they can
do it, then you can do it.
And so the idea of having this
belief system within you, that
doesn't make sense as to why
you would buy into this thing
when it's clear that
other people can do it,
and therefore, so can
you in your own terms,
then it starts to
not make sense.
And here's the important point.
As soon as a belief doesn't
make sense, it's gone.
That's the end of the
process of letting
it go, not the beginning,
because many people talk to us
and say, all right, now
I've discovered the belief,
and yeah, it makes no sense.
So now what do I do
to get rid of it?
You already have let it go
because it makes no sense.
Why?
Because you actually
don't hold on to things
that don't make sense.
You don't.
You never do.
Now, if you
intellectually understand
that it doesn't make
sense, and yet you
find yourself holding
on to it, that
should be your first clue that
you have a belief system that
is making it look
like it makes sense,
because that's the only reason
you would keep doing it,
you would keep
holding on to it is
you have a belief that says it
serves you to hold onto this.
Don't let it go.
Something worse will
happen if you let it go.
That's just the way negative
beliefs perpetuate themselves.
Because if belief systems,
both positive and negative,
didn't perpetuate
themselves, you
couldn't have a
physical experience,
because physical
reality isn't real.
You have to believe
that it's real,
and belief systems, both
positive and negative,
have to reinforce
themselves and make it
seem as if this physical
experience is actually
a real thing unto itself,
separate from you.
But it's not.
So a belief system will
use emotion, thoughts,
and behaviors and
experiences to reinforce
the reality of the belief
to make it seem like a fact
when it's nothing but a belief.
So allow yourselves
the opportunity
to realize that beliefs are
just designed to perpetuate
themselves so you can
have a physical experience
and realize that it's just a
belief that can be changed.
And as soon as
you allow yourself
to know the difference between
what really has to do with you
and who you prefer to
be and what does not,
as soon as you develop
that skill of discernment
by honest self-investigation and
start following the instruction
manual and the formula that
we've shared with many of you,
of acting on your passion
to the best you can
with no insistence and no
assumption of the outcome
and remain in a positive
state, no matter
what happens because it
doesn't matter what happens,
it only matters what you do
with what happens that makes
the difference in
your life, then
everything falls into place
automatically, it works,
it's self-perpetuating,
self-expanding, self-guiding,
and life will flow
automatically through you,
and you will experience
the joy of being you,
because each and
every one of you
is a unique
reflection of all that
is, of creation, of
existence itself,
and no one is going
to do anything exactly
as you would do it.
Sometimes it may look similar,
but it's never the same,
not exactly.
So honor and appreciate
your uniqueness.
Discover the beliefs
within you that prevent you
from being yourself,
and you will
have a life that is the
path of least resistance
and will be replete with
synchronicity in a manner that
will serve you on and on and
on in all the ways that benefit
you, in all the ways that
allow you more opportunity
to be who you truly are.
Does that make sense?
>> Yes.
>> All right.
We thank you for allowing us
to share this idea with you
this night of your time.
Allow yourselves to find
that power in paradox
when you hear yourself
talking yourself
into being someone you're not.
So in return for the
gift you have given us,
I ask you now in what way
may we be of service to you?
You may begin with your
questions and dialogue
if you wish.
>> Bashar, thank you for being
with us this evening on behalf
of everybody in this room.
Thank you so much.
>> It is our passion
and our pleasure.
>> I want to ask one thing for
everybody here this evening,
which is the year 2020 may
just be a symbolic number.
It is the number of our
year on this planet,
but we've put a lot of hope and
emotion into this year of 2020.
Should we worry
about what 2020 is,
or is this the time
that this planet
starts to grow up, mature,
and actually love each other?
>> We will say this.
Do you prefer to worry?
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
Your year of 2020
is a pivot point,
an extremely crucial energetic
pivot point symbolized
by the very year itself.
You use that idea to say, I
have clear 20/20 vision forward,
but also hindsight is 20/20.
So you're right in the middle
of being clear about what
it is you can choose
to move forward on
and what it is you
wish to bring with you
and what it is you do not.
This is the pivot point,
right now, energetically.
So choose to align with
the vibrations you choose
to align with, and
take the actions that
are indicative of the kind of
actions you would take if you
were already living in
the version of Earth
that you prefer,
because remember,
while the higher
mind may communicate
with you through energy
that your body translates
as the sensation of
passion, your physical mind
and your physical body
have to speak the language
of physical reality.
And the language of physical
reality isn't words.
It's actions.
So when you take the
actions on your passion,
that the higher mind is
saying, this is you, act on it,
now, when you take
the action, you're
actually then
answering the higher
mind in the language of physical
reality that says, I heard you.
And therefore, because
the higher mind says,
all right, you heard
me, so I will send you
more opportunities
to live your passion.
And then if you
keep acting on them,
you build that dialogue,
you build that cycle,
it continues to expand.
But if you don't take
physical action on the passion
you've already been
given, why should
your higher mind send
you more opportunities
to act on it when you're not
acting on what you've already
been given?
So the idea is to
take the actions that
are representative of
the world that you prefer
in the most positive
constructive way you can,
using the opportunities
that have been provided
for you to make your statements
in whatever way, shape,
or form that works in
your particular culture,
but take those actions
to the best you can
because this is the pivot point.
So from this point forward,
the thing that will accelerate
is what pathway, what
world, what version of Earth
you're ultimately
going to experience
that is in alignment with
the positive state of being
and actions you choose to
take in this year of 2020.
>> Thank you, Bashar.
You just made us all just
a little bit smarter.
>> No.
>> Thank you so much.
>> We have given you information
that you can use to make
yourselves smarter.
>> Thank you, Bashar.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Great rising, Bashar.
>> And to you, good day.
>> It's enchanting to be here.
I'm very excited.
I wanted to talk a little bit
about my life and some things
I've experienced to help give
light to other people here.
So when I was a little girl--
>> Last week.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
>> Well, this is--
you'll love this story.
It's beautiful.
So I was born in
Lebanon in Oregon,
and two years after
that I actually
moved to to Santa Claus
Lane, North Pole Alaska.
And my parents called me
princess when I lived there.
So I lived as a princess
as a little girl.
>> All right.
An ice princess?
>> That's very on point.
That's beautiful.
Yes.
So I was told that
four years old
that I was a singer by my
mom, whose name is Candy.
That's why I'm so sweet.
And so I was singing
"Twinkle, Twinkle Little
Star" when she told me that.
And so from the moment
forward, I knew I was a singer.
And so I grew up to be
a singer songwriter.
>> All right.
That is representative of
your passion to some degree?
>> Absolutely.
And I actually have a cat I
named Passion that I manifested
over this past year.
>> Yes.
>> And he has a little sister.
Her name is Angel.
So I have Passion
and Angel at home.
Yes.
I choose to live in a
only positive state.
I only let positive energy
come into my mind frame.
>> Uh-uh.
>> Yes.
>> I know what you mean by that.
>> OK.
>> But please understand that
a lot of people on your planet
have a big misunderstanding
about that idea.
>> OK.
>> As you expand
your consciousness,
you may experience the
negative side less,
but you actually become
more aware of it.
>> Yes, that's true.
>> You understand?
>> Absolutely.
>> All right.
So just becoming aware of
more of the negative choices
doesn't affect you unless
you choose to align with it.
>> Correct.
>> All right.
>> Just want to make sure
that that's what you meant.
>> I choose to align
with positive energy.
>> All right.
But don't invalidate
the negative choices.
>> Absolutely.
I recognize negative.
Yes, has to have the
balance between both.
>> Exactly.
Yin and yang, my two
yin and yang kittens.
Yeah.
So I grew up a couple years
ago, I rewrote "Twinkle, Twinkle
Little Star," and
this year, I do plan
on releasing that music as well.
So very exciting.
I just want to say thank
you, Bashar, because I
feel I connected with you
before I even heard who you
were when I first moved to LA.
I was asking the universe, can I
please receive more information
to become the highest version
of myself I possibly can,
and I started seeing more
synchronicities in numbers
and realizing--
>> That's what happens.
>> Exactly.
It was amazing.
It was life changing
and seeing what
the numbers mean and letters
and why everything is placed--
>> Yes, but remember,
that wasn't life changing.
You changed your
life, and that's
why you had the experience.
>> Yes, that's true.
I had to put that energy
out in order to receive it.
>> Because you cannot perceive
what you're not the energy
of first.
>> Right, absolutely.
Absolutely.
So I'm very excited for
2020, perfect vision
like you did say.
>> that's a thing, since
you're already in it.
>> We are, we're
here, we made it.
Yes.
So one question I have for
you, my birthday is January 3.
>> All right.
>> And on my birthday, I
was at my sister's house,
and I felt a huge spiritual
awakening at about 3:00 AM
exactly.
It would be going January 4.
So it was that night
of my birthday.
May you tap into
that energetic moment
of 3:00 AM January 4 of 2020?
>> This is a very typical frame
on your planet that represents
the idea of the overlap of
different dimensionalities.
Sometimes people on
your planet express it
as the barriers between
the different dimensions
and realities are thinner
between 3:00 and 4:00
AM as part of the energetic
cycle of your planet.
And therefore, it's easier to
be in touch with and receive
communication from
different kinds of spirit
guides, different kinds of extra
dimensional or extraterrestrial
beings, because it is designed
for the purpose of allowing
there to be a little
bit more blending,
a little less separation
between what you typically
consider a different
reality from your own.
Therefore, there were those
kinds of connections made,
those kinds of contacts
made, those kinds of messages
given and downloads
given during that time.
You're just becoming
more aware of it
because as you increase the
vibration of your own energy,
as you raise your frequency,
you literally all become
a more sensitive antenna
to receive higher frequency
messages and information.
What was heretofore
invisible, what
was heretofore inaudible
to you will become visible,
will become audible
as you become
a more sensitive receiver.
>> Beautiful.
That's amazing.
Thank you for that.
>> You are welcome.
Happy birthday.
>> Thank you.
So I think one thing I just
want to say out loud here
would be my biggest
manifestation would
be to help my story be heard
by all around the world
because if you can believe
in my story, which is true,
then you can believe in
anything to be possible.
>> All right.
But again, remember, if your
passion is to share, share it.
What people do or don't do
with it, none of your business.
>> Absolutely.
>> All right?
>> It'll resonate
with who it needs to.
>> Because it's not about you
having the condition that they
must hear it.
It's about doing
it for its own sake
because it's your
passion, no other reason.
We give you and share with you
all these ideas, informations,
and perspectives, because it
is our passion and our pleasure
to do so.
What you do with it is
none of our business.
>> Beautiful.
>> All right?
>> Awesome.
So my goal is to connect.
>> Thank you.
>> Not a goal.
You see what I'm saying.
Don't make it conditional.
Bring it into the present.
You're just doing what you do.
That's it's.
>> Beautiful.
>> It will have the
impact it needs to have.
You don't even have to
know what impact it's
having to know that it's having
impact for no other reason
other than it's something
you wish to share.
This goes hand-in-hand
with the concept we call
there are no one-sided coins.
Have you heard us
talk about this?
>> Mm-hmm.
>> The idea is that if you
have a coin, you have the head.
If you have the head, you
have to have the tail.
Otherwise, there's no coin.
So if any of you truly
have a gift to give,
there has to be someone
waiting to receive it,
or you wouldn't be
excited about giving it
because there'd be no point.
There would be no coin.
So just give it.
Whether you know
it or not, someone
is waiting to receive it, and
that's all you have to know.
>> Amazing.
Well, thank you, Bashar.
>> You are most welcome.
>> Amazing to meet you
and everyone else here.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Oh, how wonderful that you
are applauding for yourselves.
>> Hi there.
>> And to you, good day.
>> Hello.
My name is Brittany,
and I go by Britlin.
>> If you insist.
>> So I think it's fascinating
that she was up here
and my heart is pounding
out of my chest.
I had no idea I was going to be
in this room just half an hour
ago.
>> Isn't synchronicity
wonderful?
>> So this is what I'm up here
to talk to you about right now.
>> Yes.
>> OK, so her--
what was your name?
Who was just up here?
Kayla.
So your mom's name was
Candy, and my parents
were going to name me Candice,
and instead my mom said,
I'm going to let my
sister, Charity, name me,
and she named me after
the singer, Brittany,
from Alvin and the Chipmunks,
Alvin's girlfriend Brittany.
And I'm a singer, and I have
her bratty, spicy personality.
I love that I'm named after her.
And your birthday
is on January 3.
So my mother passed
on January 3,
and that is what
made me know that I
had to come up here and ask
this question because it's
been boggling my mind.
This afternoon has been filled
with so much synchronicity.
>> Yes.
>> So I was a part of the--
not a part of, but
I was a witnessing
of the panel, the spiritual
healing panel, and I won a--
I won a healing session
with Sivananda at the end,
and I went upstairs and did
the healing in the hotel room,
and it was incredible.
It was incredibly synchronistic.
>> All right.
I think that's actually
quite credible.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
>> So the woman who opens the
door to the hotel room opens
it, and I see that
it's this card,
and it says it's
time to let me go,
and I actually have this
exact same hotel room key card
on my altar at home because
the night that my mother passed
away, we stayed at a Hilton,
and this was our key code
for our room that evening.
And it says, it's
time to let me go.
What a message to have
on a hotel card key.
Who has it's time to let
me go on a hotel card key?
>> Well, obviously, you do.
>> I do, I do.
And I sit with it every day.
>> Because--
>> She gave it to me
and I have to of them.
>> Because that's your key.
>> It is.
I know, it's my key.
So this is my question.
OK, I had such a profound
awakening in 2015,
and my life is this now.
It is profound synchronicity
at all moments,
and it's overwhelming.
I don't know how
to integrate it.
It's hard to integrate it.
>> Oh, nonsense.
You're integrating it fine.
Just keep living your life.
What's to integrate?
>> It's just so big.
It's so--
>> And so are you.
That's how you integrate it by
understanding that what you are
given is equal to what you are.
Remember, physical reality
is nothing but a mirror.
So if it comes to you on
that scale, it's a message.
This is the scale
of your true self.
Just be who you truly are,
and this will be equal to
and you equal to it.
It will be automatic to know how
to incorporate it in your life,
because when you're in the
state of being yourself,
that knowledge
automatically comes with it.
Remember, you can't
experience what
you're not the vibration of
first, even thoughts, even
inspirations.
So when you allow
yourself to know
that that's a sign that you
are that big and accept it,
you will then have access
to the knowledge that
allows you to know how
it incorporates smoothly
into your life,
because remember,
when you're acting on your
passion, it opens up tools,
shall we say, in the kit.
It becomes the driving
engine of your life.
It becomes the organizing
principle of synchronicity.
It becomes what we're
talking about now,
the path of least resistance.
You flow.
You go with your flow.
Your current in creation
knows where you need to go.
Just flow with it.
It becomes the path
that connects you
to all relevant
expressions of excitement
and passion in your life.
It becomes the path
that supports you
in whatever form
of abundance you
need to be supported to keep
doing what you need to do
in line with your excitement.
It becomes the reflective mirror
that reveals to you anything
that might be within your belief
system that's out of alignment
with who you prefer
to be, so you
can recognize it and
let it go and add
that energy to your momentum.
And it leaves
nothing relevant out.
It's a complete, holistic hit.
It unfolds automatically.
It guides you perfectly.
You just need to
go with the flow
by following the formula
that we've given you,
the instruction manual
for how life works.
Act on your highest passion
every moment that you can.
Do it to the best you
can, taking it as far
as you can til you can
take it no further.
Do it with no insistence,
no assumption whatsoever
on what the outcome
is supposed to be.
Stay in a positive
state, no matter what
manifests, because whatever
it is that manifest
has got to be
there for a reason.
Even if it's something that
you objectively don't prefer,
it's got to have manifested for
a reason that could serve you,
and the only way you're going
to know how it could serve you
by being there is to
stay in a positive state
because if you go
into a negative state,
you will never know how it
could positively serve you.
So the idea is that
if nothing else,
manifesting something
you don't prefer
gives you a much clearer
picture by contrast
of what you do prefer.
And that's a way to use what
you don't prefer in a way
that you prefer, and
then you've used it up,
and it doesn't have
to stick around
because you understood how
to use it to your benefit,
instead of to your detriment.
Is this making sense?
>> Yes.
>> Is this helping you?
>> So much.
>> All right.
>> Thank you.
>> You are doing fine.
Relax.
>> It's so-- and I love it.
I love experiencing it.
It's so exciting.
>> Then just keep loving it
and keep loving yourself.
>> Thank you.
>> You're welcome.
[APPLAUSE]
And your mother said, at least
I didn't have to kick your butt.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
>> Hello, Bashar.
>> And to you, good day.
>> Good day.
So I'm here today, and I guess--
>> Yes, you are.
>> A little bit back on
my story, I had this--
I call it an awakening and
June 9 of 2016, kind of--
>> Speak up.
Speak up so that all can
hear what you have to share.
>> It kind of rocked my
world, to say the least.
>> Well, wasn't that the
point of an awakening to rock
your world?
>> I guess where I'm going
with this is I feel like it was
a big gift to me.
>> It is.
>> I feel like I've gone back
and forth with the belief
of what it really was to me at
the time versus maybe what it
is now.
>> Do you have to
make that comparison?
What is it now?
Does what it is
now work for you?
>> I don't find myself in
this state of bliss and maybe
ecstasy it brought and
what it felt like to me.
>> Oh, oh, oh, all right.
We understand.
You are going off that
typical human assumption
that every state of ecstasy
has to feel the same.
It doesn't.
You're a different person.
You can be in a
state of bliss that
is reflective of the state you
need to be in at that moment
to do what you
need to do, and it
doesn't have to feel like the
same state as the awakening.
You just have to
know that it is.
So don't make that
comparison or that contrast,
because it doesn't serve
you to make that comparison,
because it doesn't
allow you to experience
the idea that you
might, in fact, actually
be in the same state.
But if you're a different
person now than you used to be.
It's going to feel different.
And that's all right.
But let me give you, well,
a trick, a little secret.
Should we let them all in on it?
>> Let's do it.
>> All right.
Can you remember what it felt
like to be in that state?
>> Yes.
>> During the awakening.
All right.
Now, listen.
As soon as you remember
being in that state,
you're in that state, even
if it feels different.
And here's the real secret.
Remember when we said you can't
experience what you're not
the vibration of first?
You remember that?
>> Yes.
>> Here's the trick.
You actually have to already be
in that state to even remember
being in that state.
So the fact that you can
remember being in that state
means you're already
in the state,
to have been able to
remember being in that state.
Even if it feels different,
you're in that state, the state
that you need to be in
for who you are now.
All you need to do is know
that you're in that state
any time that you
remember what it felt like
and then move forward
and act from that state.
Doesn't have to feel identical.
Remember, your own zen monks say
you cannot step into the same
river twice.
It's always moving.
It's always different.
Just know that you're in
the proper state for what
you need to be at that moment.
Doesn't have to feel
the way it used to feel.
Is this helping?
>> This is.
Yes, and I have a lot of
conflict within myself
as far as--
>> Oh, how exciting.
>> As far as not doing anything
maybe big with it and feeling
that I'm--
>> Who said you have to?
When we talk about the idea of
acting on your highest passion,
we don't necessarily mean--
though it could mean
this, depends on you.
We don't necessarily mean it
has to be some life consuming
project, some giant career move.
No.
It might build into
that maybe, but it
doesn't matter whether it
does or not, because all
we're actually saying--
are you paying attention?
>> Yes.
>> All we're actually saying
is at any given moment,
all of you have options
available to you,
every day options.
I could take a walk.
I could read a book.
I could have lunch.
I can talk to a friend.
I can see a movie.
Of whatever the options are
you have that are actually
available to you,
just pick the one
that has even the tiniest
bit more excitement
or attractiveness or curiosity
to it than any other choice
that you have an ability to
take some action on, and just
do that one first.
See where it leads.
No assumption.
No insistence.
Just see where it takes you.
And then when you
arrive at a point
where that seems
to disappear, look
for the next thing that
has more excitement, even
just a little bit more,
more attractiveness, more
curiosity in it, than any other
choice, and act on that one
next, and again and again
and again and again.
It may start to build
into something bigger.
It will lead you
into something else
that you need to be
led into if you need
to be led into
something as a bigger
expression of your excitement.
But the point is,
is it doesn't really
have to because if
you're always choosing
what is most exciting
out of all the options
that are available
to you, you're
still living a life of
excitement, aren't you?
So who cares what scale
it actually manifests on?
Remember, it's not conditional.
Your excitement is
not conditional.
Just be the state
you prefer to be,
not because of how
you think it should
be expressed, what you
think it will get you,
where you think it
should take you.
Just do it because
that's who you are.
This is more exciting than that.
What could be simpler?
If you find choices
that seem to be equal,
and you can't tell them
apart in terms of, well,
they're both equally exciting,
then ask the next question.
Do I have the same ability
to act on both of them?
If the answer is yes, then
you might as well flip a coin,
because the idea is, is you
may, number one, find out
that when you flip the coin,
say, all right, A, I'll
take this, B, I'll take
that, and it lands A,
you might find yourself going,
oh, darn, I wish it was B.
Oh, oh I wish it was B.
Now, if it turns
out that it really
doesn't feel like
there's any difference,
here's where the
tools come into play,
because if you just
say, all right, well,
I'll just start
acting on option A,
if that isn't the path
of least resistance,
remember that tool, the
tool of synchronicity
will go turn around,
and go back this way.
It's a self-guiding principle.
It's the organizing
principle of your life.
Follow it.
Is this helping?
>> Yes.
>> Are you sure?
>> I am.
>> All right.
Will that work for you now?
>> I think that works for me.
I appreciate your time.
>> It is absolutely our
passion and our pleasure.
>> Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Please all of you
understand, this literally is
an instruction manual.
It's not a philosophy.
It's not an opinion.
We're literally describing
the nature and structure
of how your reality works.
So if you just follow
the instructions
and understand the
tools and can simply
wrap your mind
around how they work,
everything works just perfectly.
Just use the instructions like
you would for any machine.
If you follow the
instructions, the machine
will work as it's designed
to work to your advantage.
If you don't, the
machine may still work,
but it may be to
your disadvantage,
or you may injure yourself.
So just follow the structure.
>> Greetings, Bashar.
>> And to you, good day.
>> So I've been following
the formula passionately,
and it's really been
accelerating for me.
>> Is there a but at the
end of that sentence?
>> No.
>> All right.
>> There is an and.
>> Oh, all right.
And, so you talk about you
can't perceive the reality
unless you're that vibration.
>> Yes.
>> So I've been really letting
go of the whole idea of victim
mentality and realizing nothing
can happen to me that's not
my choice, it's
not my reflection,
I didn't create
that on some level.
>> Yes, now, again, that idea
doesn't necessarily excuse
someone who might do
something toward you that you
don't prefer, but it's
about taking responsibility
for the idea of why you might
have drawn yourself into that
experience, so that you can
learn from it and realize that
you don't necessarily need to
create that experience again.
It's up to the other
person to learn
those lessons for themselves
as well if someone else
was involved.
>> Thank you for that.
>> Yeah.
>> So just in the last few
days, I have changed my history,
and I know you talk about
the history is created
in the moment.
>> It is.
>> Which I've heard you say,
but I can actually say that
I've experienced that now.
>> Congratulations.
>> So by raising my
vibration, by doing my work,
I have changed my history
to where I experienced ET
visitation in my past when
I was eight years old.
>> Yes.
>> And it's just
completely amazing,
because I remember
parts of the experience.
But apparently, I
was repressing it
until I had cleared
enough energy
or raised my vibration
in the now in order
to make that have
been my history.
>> Yes, because you weren't,
as the other history,
given the tools to understand
what was happening,
but you've created the tools
for your understanding now.
>> Exactly.
So it's just beautiful.
That's been going on
in the last few days.
And then
synchronistically, I came
across a book written by
Alyssa Royal or Royal.
>> Yes.
Called "The Visitors Within."
And it's describing
using what was formerly
called alien abduction
or ET visitation
as a evolutionary tool, both
individually and collectively.
>> It is.
It is an evolutionary
tool as part
of the hybridization
agenda for Earth
evolving into the
sixth hybrid race.
>> Wow.
Yes.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
>> I'm sorry.
Was that a lot to drop on you?
>> Yeah, no.
Yeah.
>> The beings that you call the
gray that you say are involved
in these so-called abduction
experiences that have used DNA
to create hybrid beings.
Are most of you are
familiar with that at least?
>> Yes.
>> The idea to understand is
that the grays are not actually
alien.
They are mutated humans
from a parallel Earth
that destroyed itself.
They could no longer reproduce.
They had to tunnel into
other parallel realities,
such as yours, where
viable human DNA still
existed in order to
perpetuate their society.
In the process of
doing that, they
created different
hybrid races of which
my civilization is one.
The idea, though, is
that there are also
children, hybrid children
that have been created
that will eventually
also be brought
to Earth to live among you.
Over the time that passes,
from that moment forward,
there will be more and more
blending between the humans
and the hybrids until such
time as the natural evolution
of your planet that you've
all chosen to participate
in-- thank you very much--
will be that you become
the sixth hybrid race.
We are the third.
>> Wow.
So--
>> Did that help?
>> That did help, yes.
>> All right.
It's obviously a longer
explanation than that,
but we'll keep it brief for now.
>> So am I correct in
understanding that using
the formula fully and--
>> Precisely.
>> Precisely and consistently
across the board--
>> Yes.
>> Would naturally culminate
in what on our planet is
archetypally described
as Christhood?
>> Yes.
You will expand the Christ
consciousness, the Buddha
nature, the Christian
spirit, whatever
you want to call
it within yourself
and align with that archetypal
consensus vibrational level.
That's the so-called
second coming
is the realization of the
Christ consciousness within each
of you.
>> So based on that, then
the ETs that brought us that
technology, that understanding
of the five laws would be what
created the idea of angels.
>> How in that sense
did you mean that?
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>> So you brought that
to planet Earth to the--
>> We explained it to you.
>> Yes.
So that would be angelic, right?
I mean, so the angels
are the higher--
>> The five laws are a
description of all that is,
of all existence of which
the angelic realm is a part.
So the idea is that the five
laws describe everything.
>> Right.
>> It's beyond
the angelic realm.
It's a description
of existence itself.
>> OK, so I was thinking of
the angelic realm not so much
as a realm, but our
understanding of higher
intelligence, and
they've got the wings,
and they're guiding us.
>> They don't really have wings.
>> Right.
But if ETs came
from the stars, then
the naturally occurring homonoid
would say, oh, they fly.
They came into our awareness.
>> Yes, yes, that interpretation
has happened throughout
your so-called history.
Yes, we understand that.
>> OK.
>> So if you want to
call us angels, well,
that's very sweet of you.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
>> I call you angels.
>> All right.
But we're not really the same
thing as the intelligence
that most people recognize
as the angelic realm.
That's different.
>> Thank you for
the distinction.
>> Absolutely.
>> And then one
unrelated question.
I was curious what
happened to the dodo bird?
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
>> You shifted it out of
your reality, to extinction.
>> For any particular reason?
>> I think I'm going to let you
discuss that among yourselves.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
>> Thank you, Bashar.
>> You are welcome.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Hello, Bashar.
>> And to you, good day.
>> I had an interesting
experience the other night.
>> Yes, do tell.
>> I was sleeping.
>> Oh, how interesting.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
>> It gets more interesting.
And I saw a burst of light.
Now, I must have been lucid
dreaming, but it woke me up.
>> Yes.
>> And then I heard a humming,
a very strong humming,
and I knew just to stay still.
>> Yes.
>> And it felt like
it was a mosquito,
but it was much larger,
and it was behind my head,
and I said in my
mind, am I safe?
And I didn't hear any words,
but I felt like a confirmation.
>> Yes.
And then I felt something
land on my shoulder,
and it was like a big wasp,
because it was just humming.
But it was very large.
It landed on my--
I felt it on my
shoulder and my head.
And then I felt the
needle go into my head.
>> Yes.
>> And afterwards,
I was thinking,
I'm so glad I'm going to
go see Bashar, because I--
and I was awake
when it happened.
>> Yes.
>> But I didn't see
anything with my--
I didn't see anything.
>> No, not with your eyes.
>> Right.
>> But you sensed it.
>> I sensed it.
And I wanted to ask you if we
could quantify who it was or--
>> Well, you're part of
the hybridization agenda.
So the vibration is the
idea of a frequency field
that allows you to remain fixed
in a certain dimensional way
so that certain things can
be done without disrupting
your typical life, so
that certain energies can
be adjusted, certain
things can be exchanged.
>> Cool.
>> Whatever
temperature you want.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
>> And so do you know exactly
what happened that evening,
like the needle in the head?
>> Well, it wasn't
exactly a needle per se.
>> OK.
>> It is more the idea of a very
concentrated focus of energy
that allows for certain kinds of
neurological changes to happen
in your brain pattern, so that
you can be more aware of more
different kinds of phenomenology
that were heretofore invisible
to you.
In a sense, you could
say you were given
a little bit of an upgrade.
>> OK, cool Thank you.
>> I have nothing to do with it.
I don't go sneaking
into people's bedrooms.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
That's not our style.
>> OK.
And then I just wanted
to tell you something.
>> But first--
>> Yes.
>> You were dealing directly
with what many of you typically
call a mantis.
>> OK.
>> That's why you interpreted
it in an insect like way.
>> I see.
Cool.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
>> Mantis fan.
>> Yes, I see that.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
And so I just want to
also tell you something.
>> Yes.
>> OK.
So I wrote a book.
I wrote a trauma workbook,
and then I talked to an agent
about it, and she
said, you know,
you really need to write a
memoir to sell this book.
So then I wrote a memoir,
which turned into a novel.
>> Oh, all right, how exciting.
>> Yeah.
And so what happened is on my
YouTube feed the other day,
because I was like
what's my next step?
This little video came in,
completely unrelated to any
of my other things, and it
said, how to find an agent,
query an agent and
do submissions.
>> Yes.
>> So I came here tonight,
and I was in line,
and there was a guy standing in
front, and we started talking.
And he's a writer, and
he's querying agents.
>> All right.
>> And he kind of
talked to me about that.
Anyway, I just love
the synchronicity.
>> And let me give
you some more.
>> OK.
>> There are many, many, many
publishers who do not require
anything.
Look up that online.
Publishers willing to look at
manuscripts without the writer
needing an agent.
>> OK.
>> See what happens.
>> I will.
>> All right.
Have fun.
>> Thank you.
I will.
Thank you so much.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Right now, some people in
the audience are wondering.
Why the hell does
Bashar know that?
Because the channel
is also a writer.
>> [NON-ENGLISH]
>> And to you, good day.
>> So let's have a bit of fun.
>> Haven't we been having fun?
>> Let's have a bit more.
>> Oh, thanks.
>> I just wondered before
you come through the channel,
what are you doing?
>> I am on my ship usually.
Although I can be in many
places at different times,
but for the purpose
of the practicality
of this conversation,
I am on my ship.
I go into what might be
called a state of repose.
I alter my consciousness
to be closer
to the frequency of the channel
as he alters his consciousness
to be closer to the frequency
of my consciousness.
And we lock step and meet
somewhere in the middle,
and once the vibrations
match and go into harmony,
then my thoughts are
translated into your language
through the mechanism
of his brain.
>> Cool.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
>> You all love that so much.
>> It's a lovely temperature.
Do you have any children?
>> I do.
>> Can you tell us
a bit about them?
>> Nania.
Nania.
You might linearly
consider me to be
the channel's future self.
Her future self is my daughter.
Nania is a word in
my ancient language
that simply means daughter.
>> Very nice.
Can I ask about--
in this life, I don't
even have a need
to want to even
have any children,
and that makes me think
that I've probably
got hybrid children.
>> Possibly.
>> So if I have, could I connect
with them by you and get some
information that might help me?
>> Most hybrid children, when
they decide to come to Earth
to live among humans will
take names from nature.
Are there any nature
names, names of flowers,
trees, rivers,
mountains that you've
been attracted to as words?
>> Probably rose.
>> Then that might do to help
strengthen the connection when
you focus on the
vibration of a rose.
>> OK.
>> All right.
>> I mean, obviously,
mobile phones,
I think I've heard you say
before are like a step towards
us becoming more
telepathic and communicate.
>> It's one symbol,
as is your internet.
>> When will we be able to
really connect with people that
we've lost?
I've met a lot of
people who are really--
>> You can do that right now.
There's nothing stopping you
except your belief systems
about the idea that
physical reality
is different from spirit.
Remember that you
never leave spirit.
You're there right
now, all of you.
That's your natural state.
You're just dreaming
that you've left.
That's what physical reality is.
You are in spirit right
now having a dream
that you're not in spirit.
>> Nice.
>> So you can connect more
strongly when you start
to understand the actual
nature of your reality,
and don't make too much of a
separation between the concept
of what is physical
and what is not.
>> OK.
>> All right.
>> This planet is in quite
a lot of disarray currently.
>> Really?
Hadn't noticed.
>> No, I know.
I didn't want to shock you
too much with that one.
>> Thank you.
I am very sensitive.
>> I know you are.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
>> Well, let me give you
a little bit of a hint.
When you say this planet,
what you're actually meaning
is these planets,
because there are
a multitude of versions
of Earth right now that
exist here and now.
Don't think of it only as
a single version of Earth,
and you will start being able to
be more flexible and malleable
in moving in the direction of
the vibration of the version
of Earth that is more reflective
of who you prefer to be.
Remember, you never ever ever
change the planet you're on.
You change yourself
and shift yourself
to another version of
Earth that already exists,
that's already
more representative
of the change you
made within yourself.
The other version still exists.
You're just not
focused on it anymore.
And you're doing this.
Shifting literally--
this is not a metaphor.
You are doing this shifting
between different versions
of Earth billions
of times per second.
So it's always zero,
zero, zero, zero, zero.
The definition you
have of where you are
determines what you
actually experience.
And just because you might
be able to still observe
a reality you don't prefer
doesn't mean it effects you.
At this point on
your planet, it's
what we call the
splitting prism.
You're getting more and more
actual concrete, visceral
experience of realizing that
you can observe realities
and different versions of Earth
that aren't what you prefer,
but that you're not going to be
affected by them because it's
almost like there are glass
walls separating them all.
So you can still
see them, but they
can't get to you until you
decide to align with it.
So it's not this planet.
It's all a whole bunch of
different versions of Earth
and whatever changes you make
within yourself, over time,
ultimately determines
more and more and more
which version you will
experience and ultimately
experience nothing else.
>> Will we ever experience
like your civilization had that
Chicana moment where you
went to sleep for three days?
Will we experience--
>> You have your own
version of that idea.
Yes, it won't be
identical, but yes, you're
heading if you
make those choices
to a version of that awakening.
>> And how is the window of
contact looking currently?
>> It's looking pretty,
somewhere between again
your year of 2025, maybe
2033, 2040, at the outside.
A lot of that will
depend upon what
happens in this pivotal year.
>> And how far is your ship
above Bell Rock currently?
>> It's about 5,000 miles.
>> OK, it's dropped a bit.
>> Yeah.
>> Good.
What's your take on--
>> The reason that question
is being asked because at one
time, we mentioned that the
distance our ship is above Bell
Rock and how much lower it gets
is actually like a barometer
of how close you're
getting to open contact.
>> And what's your
take on forgiveness?
Because for me,
I think it's kind
of the key to a lot of things.
>> We're going to talk a lot
about that in an upcoming
transmission called
The Eye of the Needle.
>> OK.
And the final question--
>> That will do.
>> That is my final question.
Thank you.
[NON-ENGLISH].
>> [NON-ENGLISH]
[APPLAUSE]
[NON-ENGLISH].
Hello, Bashar.
>> And to you, good day.
>> I'm sorry.
I'm a little bit nervous.
>> Why?
>> I don't know.
It's so exciting.
>> You mean you're excited?
>> I am very much.
And I want to thank you
and all of you guys,
because it's been an
amazing experience
to learn from all
of you and you,
and you are so
beautiful, all of you.
>> Why, thank you.
I'm blushing.
>> Honestly.
And just by observing people
here, I learned so much.
So thank you, all of you.
And thank you again
for coming to see us.
>> Well, thank you for
opening up so that we can.
>> My first question would
be probably about education.
>> Yes.
>> So I remember you
mentioned that we shall give--
we shall teach children
by giving an example,
by setting an example.
>> There are three main ideas to
the idea of educating children
that we have shared
with all of you.
Number one, as the educator,
as the adult, as the teacher,
have the imagination
and the wherewithal
to create safe spaces
in which children
can learn the consequences
of their choices,
safely, without trying
them out in the world.
Then they will understand
how to align themselves
with those choices.
Number two, teach
them that they are
as powerful as they need to be
to create whatever they need
in life without having to
hurt themselves or anyone else
in order to do so.
Yes?
>> Yes.
>> And number three, anything
you believe is important
for them to learn about being
in physical reality on Earth,
a lesson you believe it's
important for them to have,
to learn, adapt the
lesson to their passion.
Don't diminish their
passion into the lesson.
Those three things
will allow you
to develop mature,
balanced, creative adults.
>> Beautiful.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
Question about
not only children.
Let's talk about
our institutions
all over the world.
As we know, they have a
lot of false information.
So would you recommend the best
way of choosing the proper--
>> Create new systems.
>> That's right.
If you don't
create, new systems,
what's going to
replace the old one?
>> Well, let's say today,
I'm coming out of this expo,
how do I create a new system?
>> Did I not just give you three
basic fundamentals that would
go into a new
educational system?
>> Yes, you did.
>> Then what's stopping you?
>> True.
>> Thank you.
I know.
That's why I said it.
>> My second question would
be how to get rid of insomnia.
I know it may be a--
>> You can get rid of
insomnia by going to sleep.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
>> I do that every day.
However, I do get up--
>> There was a point in my
answer, but it went like that.
>> Sorry.
OK.
>> Did you laugh?
>> Yes.
>> That's how you can
get to go to sleep.
Find more humor in your life.
>> OK.
>> Laugh more.
You will rest easy.
>> Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Will that do?
>> Yes.
>> Pleasant dreams.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
>> Last question.
>> And you will have help.
Just ask for it.
You have spirit
guides, all of you.
They'll help you.
But have more humor,
laugh more in your life,
you will be more at ease,
you will sleep just fine.
>> Thank you.
>> You are welcome.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Good evening, Bashar.
>> And to you, good day.
>> I'm a little
nervous right now.
>> You too?
>> Yeah.
>> Are you also having
trouble sleeping?
>> No, but I have a little bit
of anxiety over a few years.
But it's part of the--
That's because of one instance
that happened to me once.
>> Which is what?
>> I went into sort
of a state that--
I don't know if it's panic
or whatever it's called.
>> Speak up.
>> So I went into some state
that my body did something
different from my mind, meaning
my body was almost moving
involuntarily by itself.
>> Yes.
>> And I saw in my mind
everything went really dark.
>> All right, how exciting.
>> And I saw a humanoid
figure, much darker than that.
And I felt like I went
to a different state,
and I got quite scared.
>> Why?
>> I didn't know what it was.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>> Exactly.
You've just answered
your own question.
You didn't know
what it was, which
means you weren't given
the tools to understand
what was happening.
That's the only reason
you went into panic.
Listen, our vibration and
the vibrational frequency
of many different kinds
of interdimensional beings
is very, very
powerful, much higher
than the typical frequency
of humans on Earth.
Sometimes, when you
encounter that frequency
in those exchanges,
your body consciousness,
not understanding what it
is that it's experiencing,
may go into survival mode,
because the shift in frequency
it is being exposed
to feels like or can
feel like to the
body that it's dying,
because it's being shifted
into another reality
that the body
interprets as death.
Therefore, it
might automatically
kick into survival mode,
fight or flight, and panic,
and feel like it's being
exposed to a predator.
It's not.
It's just that the
vibration is so
overwhelming of certain
interdimensional beings,
that it forces certain things in
you that you haven't integrated
in your belief system to the
surface and causes a panic,
because you don't understand
how to integrate those things,
because you haven't
been given the tools.
But with more understanding
of what's going on,
more understanding of the
tools, the instruction
manual, so on and so forth, more
understanding that you actually
co-created that
experience by choice,
even if you don't remember that,
the more understanding you have
that you can have those
experiences on your own terms
just by asking to have
those experiences more
on your own terms,
it will smooth out.
You won't have a panic
reaction anymore.
It may take a little while,
and that's all right,
but those beings
will always back off
just to let you know how far you
have gone in terms of relaxing
into those encounters.
You understand?
>> Yes.
>> Is this helping?
>> Are you sure?
>> I think so.
So there's a story to that, too.
And after that fact,
I was pulling myself
not to go into the state.
After that, what I saw
was a flash of light.
It's almost like traveling
into a different dimension.
>> Not almost.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
>> And I realized that maybe
I am in a different state,
meaning in an independent soul,
apart from the body itself.
>> Yes.
>> And came back to myself,
but it's kind of weird,
because I never really thought
about sort of hell or heaven
in the past.
>> Well, those things don't
exist in the way that a lot
of humans think they do.
They're just states of being.
>> OK.
>> So the idea is that, again,
as we said, you are spirit.
If you want to call the
so-called spirit realm heaven,
you can.
But it's all the
same realm per se.
If you believe that you might
have a hellish experience when
you die, you might momentarily
have that experience,
but as soon as you find
that you don't prefer it,
it's gone, because there's
no time lag in spirit.
Therefore, it would like,
[EXCLAMATIONS] done.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
So you don't have to
necessarily get caught up
in the outdated, medieval,
old-fashioned definitions
of those things and bring
the definition into what
you call your
modern 21st century
understanding of the
spirit realm and all
the different levels you can
experience within it, that
will change in an instant
the second you change
your mind about
what it is you wish
to experience in that realm.
>> OK.
>> Yes?
>> Thank you.
>> You're welcome.
Does that help?
>> Yes.
I have one more thing.
>> Do you?
>> Yes.
So I grew up in Okinawa, Japan
to 18 Avenue about 25 years
already.
My mother side's mother,
which is Grandma,
has passed away years ago.
>> Yes.
>> A few years ago, my
friend who doesn't know about
my family at all from
Italy suddenly talk to me,
saying my grandma is
giving me a message.
All right.
And--
>> So?
>> So that message, I
guess the message to it,
but my point is if that
message is from her,
and I believe that is, but how
do I sort of interpret that
message to--
>> What's the message?
>> Message one was
to forgive my mom.
My parents got divorced.
>> All right.
Well, that seems clear.
>> And my mom wasn't
the one took us.
And another one is my chakra--
>> Chakras, yes.
>> Has been blooming.
But it's not there yet.
And try to open that up,
but I don't know how.
>> Forgive.
It'll open.
>> OK.
>> Yes.
Are you able to do that?
>> Think so.
>> Are you able to let go?
>> I think so.
Is that something I have to be
at a certain place back home,
or I can do here?
>> No, everything
is here and now.
>> OK.
>> It's up to you to be the
state that allows you to take
the actions you prefer today.
Yes?
>> OK.
>> Does that help you?
>> Yes.
>> Do you understand?
>> Are you sure?
>> Yes.
>> All right.
>> Thank you.
>> Good day.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Hello, Bashar.
>> And to you, good day.
>> So in the recent past, you've
greatly encouraged us to get
out and vote as a means of
changing our trajectory toward
a problem or a similar
fate as your civilization.
In memory, we've had elections,
like in the '80s, where we
voted, and then there were some
shenanigans and papers were
missing, and there was--
>> Shenanigans.
And all sorts of
whatever that we're
not exactly sure that what
we've actually put out
and voted for actually happened
the way we wanted it to happen.
>> Well, it happened in
some version of Earth.
Are you in that one
or some other version?
>> Oh, well, I'm in the one
that was full of shenanigans,
I guess.
>> But maybe not.
Maybe you only observed the one
that was full of shenanigans,
but believed you
were in that one
when you didn't have
to be in that belief.
You could have seen it
and said this is not
the reality I prefer
and therefore started
acting like you were no
longer in that reality.
>> Would that have changed
the results of the election?
>> It would have
changed your experience.
You see, this is very important
to wrap your minds around.
When you truly
understand what we're
saying about how you're
shifting all the time,
if there is really no purpose
anymore in you perceiving
something from a reality
you don't prefer,
you won't perceive it.
If you're still perceiving
it, then maybe there's
still some
information there that
can be to your
benefit or a lesson
to be learned from it that
helps guide you in the direction
you do prefer.
But the point is,
is you can and are
capable of shifting yourself
and redefining yourself
at any given moment
to such a degree
that you might literally,
instantaneously
experience a different reality.
Don't judge yourself or
invalidate yourself if you
don't.
But the idea is that you
are always in a new reality,
always, as we said, billions
of times per second.
So the idea is to simply
wrap your mind around
how you wish to
use what happens.
Remember, it doesn't
matter what happens.
It only matters what
you do with what
happens that makes the
difference in your reality.
So don't base your state of
being on what's happening.
Just be the state
of being you prefer
and behave the way you
prefer to behave, no matter
what you perceive, even if it's
something you don't prefer.
Otherwise, you're just matching
the frequency of that thing
by saying it affects
me that this happened.
No, it doesn't until
you agree that it does.
Is this helping?
>> Whoa.
OK.
>> Was that a yes?
>> Yes.
>> But--
>> And then here we go again
with the same situation.
It's always--
>> Again--
>> Just ignore.
>> No, no we're
not saying ignore.
We're saying observe
and learn and act
in the direction you prefer.
Take the actions you are capable
of taking in the direction
and in the state of
being you prefer to.
That's what we're saying.
Remember, anything
can serve double duty.
I'll put it in the way that
I put it before generically
so that you understand.
We already told you that
we sense the buildup
that everything would
change in your year of 2016.
Clearly, it did.
But the idea can be looked
at from any particular point
of view.
You can say, all right, this
is something I don't prefer,
but I can look at it in
a different way, too.
You can say, well, we
were sort of swimming down
a gentle stream,
all smooth, and then
suddenly, something really
unexpected happened,
and now we're in the rapids.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
The fact that something
so unexpected happened
means anything can happen.
All bets are off.
You've unlocked from the
idea of any particular thing
having to happen.
So use that momentum
to your advantage
because if you're in
the rapids, but you
learn how to ride the
rapids, what happens?
You get downstream faster than
you ever would have before.
So use the energy in
the way you prefer to,
not necessarily in the
way others are using it.
You have that power.
Apply it.
>> Yes.
>> Is that helping?
>> All right.
>> Wonderful.
All right.
Thank you very much.
>> Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Greetings, Bashar.
>> And to you, good day.
>> And greetings to
[NON-ENGLISH] that are
observing us.
>> They say hi.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
>> We are in North America.
>> Thank you very much.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
>> March 20 is the new year
a seventh 7,528 according
to the Slavic calendar.
>> All right.
>> Could you
address that please?
>> What am I
supposed to address?
Obviously, that culture
started counting
at a different time than
some of the other cultures
on your planet.
>> Correct.
People in North America
don't know that.
>> Well, the people that were
originally in North America had
a calendar that went
back 40,000 years.
So they started counting
differently than your culture.
>> And what people were they?
>> What you call the
indigenous tribes.
They had a history that went
back at least 40,000 years.
>> Thank you.
So Slavic people, what are their
origin, and who do they serve?
>> Of course, fundamentally
the same origin as everyone
in terms of the extraterrestrial
beings that infused
their genetic material into the
naturally evolved hominid you
call Homo erectus that
created Homo sapiens.
You all started that
way as humanity.
But as you spread it out
over the globe over time,
you began to exhibit some of
the different genetic traits
of some of the
different alien species
that were already mixed
in to the Annunaki
that infused their
genetic material into each
and every one of you.
Changes in climate,
changes in weather,
changes in all sorts
of different patterns
over the Earth brought
out some of the different
extraterrestrial components
that were mixed up in humanity
when the Anu created all of you.
So those people in that area
you are referring to as Slavic
are representative to
some degree of some
of the ancient Orion
system genetics
and, therefore, are playing
out certain kinds of agendas
and ideas that have to do with
transforming certain ideas
from darkness to light.
>> Thank you.
>> You're welcome.
>> As to personality that
we know as Jesus Christ.
>> [NON-ENGLISH]
>> [NON-ENGLISH].
Was he originated out
of the Slavic race?
>> No.
>> That doesn't exist anymore.
What is his origin?
>> Genetically?
>> Genetically.
Not who he grew up with.
Please be bold.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
We can take it.
I'm not sure you ever have
to encourage us to be bold.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
The real route, even
though born in what
you would call the
Jerusalem area,
the real root of Yeshua
genetically is Sumerian.
>> Thank you.
>> You're welcome.
>> The LGBT program that
we have on planet Earth,
do you have that program
at [NON-ENGLISH]??
>> No, because we simply
don't have those experiences,
because that's just not what
our culture needs to express.
>> Who does it serve
that we have it?
>> Who does what serve?
>> This programming.
>> We need to get to the
idea that you all contain
everything.
Because remember, as a spirit
you are everything and nothing,
and therefore, the
idea of those that
choose to experience
an incarnation where
certain different
traits are brought out,
are paramount more than others,
puts you in touch with the fact
that every single one of
you contains everything.
And that's simply being
brought to your attention
so that you don't have to fear
different aspects of your total
being anymore.
And you can integrate them all.
>> Thank you.
And the last question is
I was born in Siberia.
My name is Ryesa, and I
love where I was born.
I love my culture and
the origin, Russia
and Putin, Putin.
>> What about him?
>> Who is the
president of Russia.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Could you tell me
the new government--
all right, was he appointed,
as opposed to elected,
and what light
forces appointed him?
>> You have to
understand something.
We cannot discuss your politics.
We are not allowed to
discuss your politics.
>> No problem.
>> Because people take what
we say in certain ways,
and we are not allowed to
affect the choices you make
for your own sociological
and political and religious
choices, because people will
listen to what we say and make
choices according to that.
All we can do is encourage
you to make your own choices
that align with what
you prefer and to be
discerning to understand what
the other people on your planet
are expressing in the
choices that they make,
whether it be
positive or negative.
But we cannot intervene and
giving you direct information
about your
sociological, political,
or religious systems in
the way that you're asking
the question.
It's not what we're here to do.
>> Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
What--
>> You said that was
your last question.
>> Oh, may I ask the last one?
>> That was another question.
So I guess that was
the last question.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHTER]
What?
>> Russia, as it is
perceived in the West,
through the Western press, has
been battered for centuries,
I might say.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>> So has every culture on your
planet by almost every other
culture.
Goodbye.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Truly, truly,
thank you so much.
>> We will at this time thank
each and every one of you
individually and all of
you together collectively
for the co-creation
of this interaction.
Our unconditional love,
our unconditional support,
our unconditional
encouragement to you
all to be who you truly are.
We leave you with
this simple reminder.
The first step toward
true enlightenment
is to lighten up on yourself and
not take things so seriously.
Have fun, enjoy your
lives, act on your passion,
follow your flow.
Each of you has a current
in the ocean of creation.
Your current knows
where you need to go.
Let go.
Don't swim upstream.
Insistence is resistance.
Good day.
[APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]